- Previously on Nashville...
- Just telling these guys
how great we thought
y'all were tonight.
- You don't feel like there
was a lack of cohesion?
- Maybe Avery has a point,
maybe y'all should figure out
who you are as a group
a little bit, you know?
Instead of just
as individuals.
- I want to go back to
the place you were yesterday.
The man you called "uncle",
where is he?
- No! No!
- You're safe.
You're all right.
- I'm walking around
with a piece of me gone,
and I don't want to
wreck this thing--
- Shut up.
- Come and get it!
- Oh, my God,
that smells so good.
- You're welcome.
- Did I ever tell you you're
an amazing big sister?
- No, but thank you.
Too bad Dad's not here.
Where is he anyway?
- That is not true.
- Oh my God, it's so true
and you know it.
- It's not!
Why would you even think that?
- Because you were always
so stern and grumpy.
- That's just my face.
- Oh, that's what it was.
Okay.
- It was.
You kidnapped me
and you threw me
in the damn woods.
- Yeah, and how
did that turn out?
- Yeah, it was pretty good.
- You didn't like me.
Just admit it.
- You are so nuts.
- Oh, my God, this is so good.
- Who knew all we had to do
was go get a burger together?
- And fries.
- Yep.
- Oh my God.
- You got...
- All over.
- Okay.
- * And then those
funny familiar... *
- I should warn you that
I don't really dance.
- That's okay.
- Yeah.
- Well, close your eyes.
- And now just
don't do anything.
- Are we just supposed
to go home now?
- I guess so.
Do you want to come over?
- Pretty sure.
- Um...
- Nothing.
- Protection.
- Oh.
I'm sorry. I haven't
thought about that part.
- That's okay.
I haven't either.
- I could probably go to a
drugstore now or something?
Far away, I guess.
- Maybe we should just wait.
- We could absolutely
wait, yeah.
- Yeah. Wait till
the girls are both
out of the house
one night...
- Yeah, and Jake's
at his dad's...
- At his dad's, yeah, yeah.
That'd be better?
- Yeah, that'd
be better, right?
Don't you think?
- Yeah.
- Okay. Good.
- Yeah, they're back in
Atlanta first week of June.
But we should be able
to work out something
in New York after that.
- Bucky, I told you
nothing after May.
- Come on.
Let's do this.
- This thing in New York
is a huge deal.
- I'm in the studio
with my band in June.
- Oh, that's cute.
- That like a
side project or...
- Shut up.
- Come on. Let's do this.
- All right.
From the chorus.
- * Go with it
* Let's put a little bit
of soul in it *
* I got a feeling that
* You and I got
something so good *
* Don't stop it
* What I want, girl,
you got it *
* I got a feeling that
* You and I got
something so good *
- * So good...
- All right, guys.
I got a question.
Why is it always me singing
the high girly parts?
- 'Cause you're the one
with the high girly voice.
- Okay. What if we got an actual
girl to sing those parts?
- Oh, then we could
get rid of you.
- I'm serious.
I mean, you know, somebody
who's great to look at.
Super talented and
can sing high.
- Yeah.
I think it's a good idea.
- I mean, it's not
the craziest idea.
- Little Big Town,
Alabama Shakes.
It's working real
well for them.
- Maybe this boyband
does need a girl.
- Yeah.
Let's go find us a girl.
- Hey.
I can't imagine what you must
be going through right now.
To have to re-experience
all that pain.
- I mean, I think it's good.
This thing was running
my whole life
without me even knowing it.
I was a little girl
and was raped.
- It's so hard to even
hear those words.
- Who knows what would
have been different?
Maybe everything.
- Well, it makes sense.
Maybe every choice
I've ever made
has been affected
by this in some way.
- Yeah.
- Don't.
Don't go there. I mean...
- I mean, if it's true,
I want to know.
- Look, I'm just trying
to figure out
my own life right now.
And I'm a long, long way
from getting there.
Even us?
- Oh, my God, this is
taking forever today.
- Oh my God.
Seriously?
- Like you're gonna be late
if these people
don't get a move on it.
Let's go.
- Maddie, watch this!
- * You took what's mine
* Now I got to clip
your wings *
* I know what's up
- Wait...
- I thought they broke up.
- * Maddie J,
you're in the way *
- Oh, my God!
- * You can't have him!
- This is insane!
- Wait, do you want me
to stay with you? I can.
- No, you gotta go. I'm okay.
- Hi.
I was gonna call you.
- Well, I beat you to it.
Listen, I was thinking about
our scheduling issue.
- Um, I'm playing the Bluebird
tomorrow night, as you know.
But the night after
that is starting
to look kind of wide open.
Maddie's got plans and
Daphne's got a sleepover.
- Well, that's great,
actually.
Because Jake will be
at his father's, so...
- Okay.
- Okay, great.
Bye.
- Okay. Bye.
- Phew.
Okay.
- * And they say
try to hide *
* The anxious inside
'cause they know *
* Paranoid of nothing
in their control *
- * We parted ways, I came
upon a grave of bodies *
* Left in my own wake
* A boneyard of mistakes
* Saw my own face
on every one of them *
* Now I struggle with
the grace *
* To forgive and let erase
- * Look at me now
* After...
* After I said
I'd rather be alone *
Sorry.
Sorry, it feels like
I'm a little off-key.
Let me just, um...
start again.
- This is not working.
- It was painful.
- At this rate,
this is gonna take months.
Somebody who has a cousin
who can sing...
Someone's cousin?
Come on, man.
- I didn't mean literally.
- Gunnar's just gonna
have to go back
to singing the high parts.
- Gunnar's not going back
to sing the high parts.
- Whoa, whoa, hold on.
Listen.
Who's that?
- * It ain't over now
* Wherever you are
* That's where
I'm gonna find you *
* All that you forgot
That's what I will remind you *
* A counterattack,
tit for tat *
* Back again
No, I'm not your friend *
* Not here to make amends
* Every scar you left on me
* I'm gonna make a match
* Cut you with a dagger
That you left in my back *
* Honey, I ain't
even gotten even *
* So it ain't the end
* Sweet revenge
* Just because you
got me good *
* Don't mean
that's it's over *
* It ain't over
- That, that was great.
- You're amazing.
- Thanks.
- Sorry.
My name's Avery and we're...
- We're looking for someone...
- Somebody exactly like you.
- That's interesting.
- Sorry. We're just kind
of blown away.
See, we got a band.
We're looking for
a backup singer.
- But you probably don't
want to do that.
We just thought--
- I'm Will, by the way.
- I know. Will Lexington.
And you're Avery Barkley.
And you're Gunnar Scott.
I'm Alannah, by the way.
I don't get it.
You guys don't sing together.
- Well, we kind of do.
- Do now.
- Okay.
- Imagine your life,
your whole life
up to now without
the trauma in it.
What kind of mother
would you have been?
Would you even have
become a mother
or a wife or a celebrity?
- Maybe not.
Maybe if I didn't need
constant approval from
other people, I...
- You are an amazing
human being, Juliette.
Don't ever forget that.
- I've always felt cut off
from other people.
Like I was frozen inside.
- Yet look at the way you've
attracted so many people to you.
You became a charming,
captivating,
irresistible narcissist
because you had to.
This event happened
when you were too young
to even begin
to understand it.
- How can I possibly begin
to process all this?
- You already have.
You processed it the moment
you recovered the memory.
It's what you've been searching
for your whole life.
- Okay.
And what now?
- You're in a very
powerful place right now.
You had a transformation.
It's time to serve,
to help others.
We have an outreach program
I think you'll respond to.
What is that?
- It's working
with young children
who've endured terrible
trauma and loss.
It's in Bolivia.
- Mm-hmm.
You'll leave in a few days.
No!
I can't do that!
- The time to act is now
before your daily life
dilutes your awakening.
It's just two weeks.
You need to see if
this is your path.
- Yeah.
It's a real small town.
- Only child, actually.
I was alone a lot growing up.
Total geek in high school.
I felt invisible until
I discovered music.
Then it was like none of
that mattered anymore.
So I just left home
when I was 16.
I could not get out of
there fast enough.
- I can relate to that.
- I mean, I just wanted
to find people,
anyone who was like me.
- So how long you
been in Nashville?
- A couple of months.
I really love it.
You don't mind the
competitiveness?
Everybody trying to make it?
- Uh, I don't
really think about it.
I just love making music.
And if it's meant to happen,
I figure it'll happen.
- Good attitude.
- I got a question.
How do you feel
about touring?
- Oh, I would love it.
Like, any relationships
with people or dogs,
or anything like that?
- Nope.
I'm free as a bird.
- Oh. Hmm.
- Great. That's great.
- Fantastic, yeah.
- Okay, yeah.
- It was great meeting you,
Alannah.
Thanks for this.
We'll be in touch.
- All right, awesome.
Thank you.
Thanks.
- Nice to meet you.
- Asking her if
she has a boyfriend?
- Uh, I asked her
if she had a dog.
- Yeah, right.
- If she'd been a dude, you'd
have done the same thing.
- I can't deny that.
- Did you find everything
you needed?
- I did, yes, sir.
- Good.
Do they last more
than one or two shaves?
I hate it when they
get dull right away.
- Yeah, they do. They last.
- Okay.
- All right. So did you find
everything you need?
- Yes, sir.
- I'm okay.
- So I've been thinking about
what you said before about us.
- Yeah, me too.
Um, I actually wanted to talk
to you about something.
- Okay.
- I talked to
Darius yesterday
and he seems to think that
I'm in a very important
part of my life.
- Well, he says it would be
the perfect time
for me to take on a project.
- Oh. Sounds great.
What kind of project?
- It would less of a project
and more doing service.
Helping other people who've
gone through trauma.
- Oh, I think that would
be wonderful for you.
- Yeah. He thinks that I could
make a huge difference.
- That sounds good.
- The only thing is they
have this outreach program
that's all set up
and everything.
And it's in Bolivia.
- Mm-hmm.
- Yeah.
Well, this would just be
a very short trip until
I figure out whether it's
something I really want to do.
But you would have to stay here
with Cadence, if that's okay.
- Wow.
I don't really know
how I feel about this.
I mean, you got
to think this through.
- I have thought this through.
It's just a quick trip.
- You don't even
know if it's safe.
- I can take care of myself.
I think you know
that by now.
- It's not that.
I just...
I don't trust this guy.
Why are you letting him control
your whole life like this?
- I'm not.
This is my life.
And I'm not letting
him control me.
- Well, do I even get
a say in this?
- Of course.
- All right, then let me
think about it, okay?
- Okay.
- Oh, my God, no.
- I've been calling you.
Listen, listen! Stop!
- I have nothing
to say to you.
- Listen! Listen to me...
- Stop! Don't touch me!
- Look, I know why you're
upset at me.
- Awesome. So do I.
What's going on with Mia?
- Nothing!
You know how I feel about you.
Like were you trying
to hide me from her?
- No! She's crazy!
- Okay, yes she is!
And you're still seeing her!
Jonah?
- We broke up!
- Sure, Jonah.
- Jonah, Jonah!
We gotta go!
- Do this someplace else.
Are you kidding me?
- Get your Hands off!
- Give me your camera!
- * I'm wandering,
and wandering *
* Where this all will lead
* With no more tears to cry
* And no more
blood to bleed *
* I could give in
to this darkness *
* And who knows,
someday I might *
* Till then
I'll keep on walking *
* Keep on looking
for the light *
* Singing ooh, ooh,
ooh, ooh *
* Ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh
* Ooh, ooh,
ooh, ooh, ooh *
- Thank you.
- MADDIE: Were you trying
to hide me from her?
- JONAH: No, she's crazy.
- This is so messed up.
- No. It wasn't like that.
- Can you give your sister and
I a second, sweetheart?
So we can talk?
Thank you.
- Whatever.
- Yo, come on, come on,
come on, come on.
What are you doing?
- Thank you.
- Let me ask you something.
Who is this boy to you?
- I'm not sure
that I know yet.
- Well, look,
I don't know him at all.
He might be a good guy.
Or he might be a bad guy.
I'm not here to judge.
I just...
- But you are judging.
- No, I'm not, no...
- Yes, you are. I can feel it.
- No. I just see what I see.
And I care about you,
baby, so...
- No offense, Dad.
But I've kind of been
through this before.
Honestly, I'm...
I'm more worried
about the fact
that like, sometimes
he's so with me
and then other times,
he's just gone.
- That's got to be hard.
- I really care about him,
you know.
- Yeah.
I guess you're gonna have to
figure out what it is you want.
Here's the part
that worries me, though.
When you get involved with
someone who's that famous,
it's very easy to lose
yourself in their life.
- That's not gonna happen.
- Well, let me ask you how
many songs you written lately?
- That's so not fair.
I've been so busy.
- Well, that's
my point, though.
All that crap right there,
none of it has anything
to do with your music
or you as an artist.
- No, I'm not judging you.
- Yeah, you are.
- No, I'm not.
I'm just saying that
I don't want you to forget
who you are or what you are.
Because what you are,
it's amazing.
- Can we have this
conversation later?
- Yeah.
Lecture over.
Goodnight.
- Uh, hi. Jonah Ford.
- Deacon Claybourne.
- It's an honor
to meet you, sir.
- It's nice to finally
meet you, too.
- I'm sorry for barging in
like this.
Like I told the guard,
I just...
I wanted to speak
to your daughter for a moment.
- That's fine, but I would
like to have a quick word
with you myself first.
It's clear that the two of
you are...
- Hi.
- So...
- Dad.
- Yep.
- Look, hate me
or don't hate me.
But just hear me out, please?
Okay, first of all,
Mia's delusional.
We broke up weeks ago.
And I'm just as upset about
what she did as you are.
Like anybody can say
what they want about me.
Even if it's a lie, it doesn't
matter as long as it's news.
Maddie, I can handle anything
except you not believing me.
I feel like everything's
just spinning out of control.
Like I have
no control over anything.
- I can't keep doing this!
- Me!
I can't keep up
this whole charade!
- Jonah, you're at the top
of your game right now.
I mean, your tours sell out
a year in advance.
Everybody loves you.
Your music is...
- It's crap!
I can barely leave my house
most days, all right?
I'm so anxious all the time.
I'm always having
to be performing
or I'm pretending to have
the time of my life
on frickin' Instagram.
- Yeah, I get that.
I really do.
- Sometimes I feel like...
Like I'm a freak
in my own life.
- Everybody wants you to be
this person that doesn't exist.
- Look, all I know is
that when I'm with you,
I feel like I'm me.
So when you turn on me,
it scares me.
- I know. I'm sorry.
I didn't mean to.
I just...I didn't know
any of this.
- Look, the last thing that
I'm trying to do is hide you.
I need you.
- Yeah.
Come out with me tonight.
It's just a stupid EP rollout.
But it would mean
a lot to me
to have you right
there by my side.
- I actually have
plans tonight...
That I could change.
- Jonah Ford is here!
At our house!
- Yes, he is. I know.
- Right now!
- Okay.
Hey, you give your sister
her privacy, okay?
- I will, obviously.
I'm not a child.
- Okay.
- Also, sleepover's off.
Not happening anymore.
- Right. Wait.
What
What's going on?
- I don't know.
Cassie said her mom
was having a meltdown.
- Okay.
No eavesdropping.
- Hey, It's Jessie.
Leave a message.
- Hi, Jessie.
So Daphne's sleepover
has been canceled.
Which means, I guess,
our night is too.
I'm real sorry.
- Hey, Alannah!
- Hey, it's all of us!
- Hey, guys.
- Well, we're really
sorry to say this.
- Yeah, yeah.
We got some bad news, Alannah.
- Yeah.
Just don't take it too hard.
- But if you're up for it...
- We want you to play with us!
- Well, okay,
I got some bad news too.
I accept.
- Hey! All right!
- All right!
- Well, to further
alarm you,
we have a gig at 12th
and Porter tonight.
- Yeah.
Do you wanna take the plunge?
- I think I can handle it.
I'll fake it till I make it.
- All right then!
- We'll be at Tracks all day
so just come on by.
- Will do and,
hey, thank you, guys.
- All right.
See you soon.
- Hey, Dad...oh, sorry.
- Oh, that's all right.
What's up?
- I just wanted to let you know
the sleepover is happening now.
- Yeah. Her mom's fine.
Just keep writing.
- Dad, my ride's here.
- Okay. Have fun.
- You too. Nice shirt.
- Oh, thank you.
- How are my
two favorite girls?
- Not loving the spaghetti.
- Rehearsal went great.
- Good.
- I am gonna need
to leave a little earlier
for this gig tonight, though.
Oh, my gosh, I'm sorry.
I totally forgot.
We talked about
it this morning.
- I'm sorry. I know.
- You said it was fine.
- I know. I totally spaced.
I'm sorry.
I've had a lot on my mind.
- It's okay. I get it.
- Like this might
not be the best time
but I really want to talk to you
again about the service trip.
I need to give
Darius an answer.
- You know I'm going out
on tour.
I mean, who's gonna
take care of Cadence?
- Well, I'm only going
to be gone for two weeks.
Emily can come and stay
at the house...
- Avery, I need this!
Okay, I need a private life,
one that is just my own!
- I'd settle for any
kind of life right now.
- You know exactly
what it means.
- No, I don't.
- You're completely
obsessed with this group!
It's all you talk
about day and night!
- You're not even here
when you're here!
- Avery, this is the first
time in a long, long time
that I can actually
feel my life!
Do you know what
that means to me?
- Good for you,
but what about me?
Do you feel my life?
- Oh, you're so manipulative!
That is unfair
and you know it!
- I can't believe I'm having
this conversation with you.
Except to save you
from yourself?
- Wow.
I do not need you to save me.
I am saved!
- * Could've been the night
* Could've been the wine
* Could've been her eyes
that got me saying *
- * Do do do do
Do do do do do do *
* Do do do do
- * I took a chance,
shot her a glance *
* Said, baby, let's dance
while the music's playing *
- * Do do do do
Do do do do do do *
* Do do do do
- * Go with it, let's put a
little bit of soul in it *
* I got a feeling that you
and I got something so good *
* Don't stop it
* What I want, girl,
you got it *
* I got a feeling that you
and I got something so good *
* Got, got, got, got
a good thing going *
* Rock steady, get ready,
don't let going *
* Got, got, got, got
a good thing going *
* Keep it rolling,
keep it rolling *
- * The kind that
meets your family *
- Thanks.
We love you, Jonah.
- * The kind that's got
a lot more to her *
* Than just a pretty face
You are so beautiful.
- Jonah's kissing her!
- She's so lucky.
- Jonah's kissing Maddie J!
- I'm so jealous.
- Yeah.
Jonah, I wanted a picture!
- Don't go, Jonah!
- Cold tonight.
- Yeah.
It is a little bit.
- It'd be nice to have a fire.
Have you got any...
- Oh!
Actually, that's not even
a working fireplace.
So I don't even know
why I said that.
I must be very nervous.
I just...
- I think we're...
You go.
- I just can't believe this
is actually happening.
- Neither can I.
- Well, it's not too late
to change your mind.
- Not too late for you either.
I won't change my mind.
- Good.
- I like being here.
- I like being here, too.
- Well, you live here.
- I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
- No. No, it's okay.
- I'm so sorry.
Oh, God.
I'm sorry, Jessie.
- Deacon, stop apologizing,
please.
It's okay.
- Oh, God!
I thought I could.
- It's okay.
- I wanted to.
- I know.
- I gotta get out of here.
- No, no!
Deacon, stop.
It's okay.
Listen, if you...
- It's not okay.
- If you need
to talk about Rayna...
- No.
- It's fine.
- No, it's not fine, Jessie...
- I promise it's okay.
- It's been 11 months.
I can tell you how many weeks
and days, too, if you want.
But there haven't been one of
those days where I haven't...
broken down
in some way or another.
- I understand.
- The girls seem to be
doing better, you know.
I mean, I think...
That just means
I need to...
- Deacon, you cannot keep
this locked up inside of you.
- I just don't know
what the hell I'm doing.
- Look at me.
That's okay.
- * Everything's changed
* Nothing's the same
* Maybe it's the sign
of the times *
* Everywhere I turn
* It's the blind
leading the blind *
* We make tears fall
* We let rivers rise
* You just gotta hold on
* I'm not leaving
you behind *
- * Hold on, hold on
* I'm not leaving you behind
* Hold on, hold on
* I'm not leaving
you behind *
- You know, it's funny.
I don't usually like
to think about growing up.
My dad and I didn't
get along too good.
- Yeah.
I mostly just tried to stay
the hell out of his way.
- Yeah.
He'd hit me.
A lot actually.
It's funny,
when you're a kid,
part of you thinks
it's normal, you know.
- Yeah.
- Most of you
knows it's not.
Really, the hard part
was never knowing
what he was gonna be like
when he came home at night.
- That's scary.
- Yeah, it could be.
But mostly, I just wanted
to be with him really.
I mean, I didn't even
care what we did.
Just sort of hang out.
Do whatever it is
fathers and sons do.
- Yeah, that's what a boy
needs from his father,
you know, to be a rock.
Loved, no matter what.
- I know that's what you
worry about with Jake.
- Yes, I do.
- You know, I always secretly
wished I'd had a son.
- Yeah. See what that
feeling was like.
- Yeah.
- Excuse me.
You have been digging
and that is not allowed.
- You ate all
the almond brittle!
- Well, that's
the good part.
What did you want me to do?
- You are so bad.
- Could I get
that whole rack right there?
And then I want the glazed.
And then the chocolate
with bacon?
- Yes.
- And the sprinkles, of course.
- Of course, yes.
- Great! Great!
Bacon rainbow sprinkles
for everyone!
- Yay!
- Thanks, Jonah!
- You're welcome.
- This is so nice.
- Well, you do have
a pretty nice floor.
- When I was a little girl,
I used to count
the stars before bed.
It was the only way
I could fall asleep.
- Be nice if we could sleep
outside together sometime.
- Yeah.
Maybe by a river?
- We could count
the stars together.
- Oh, Jessie.
I'm so sorry.
I'm afraid I might
be broken somehow.
- Hey, baby.
- Sorry I'm not
a normal person.
You deserve a normal person
in your life.
- It's okay.
I'm used to you...sort of.
- You're wrong.
I do need you.
I need you more than
anybody in the world.
- I'm awake.
- How come your eyes
are still closed?
- Because I'm tired.
What time is it?
- Oh, gosh, almost six.
- No.
I mean, I wasn't.
But, yeah, I am now.
I think I should go.
- Yeah. Sure.
You should.
- Hey.
- I'll call you.
- Yeah.
- Listen, Jessie,
about last night...
I don't want you
to think that...
- You don't have
to say anything.
I know that Rayna is a
hell of an act to follow.
- That's definitely not
what I was gonna say at all.
- Look, I get it.
You know, moving on is
actually highly
overrated, really.
- Jessie...
- But just so you know,
I know that I'm not her.
And I'm never even gonna
remotely be her.
- Jessie...
- She was larger than life.
And I can't compete with that.
- That's not what
I was gonna say.
I was gonna say that
last night,
I felt close to you.
That's something
I never thought
I was ever gonna
feel again, ever.
And I know I'm damaged...
- Right.
So you're gonna say
you don't deserve me?
Because if that's what
you're gonna say,
please just walk out the door
and don't come back.
- I was gonna say...
Please don't give up on me.
Oh.
Okay, then.
- Come here.
- Thank you.
- Morning.
- Yeah, I did.
Did you?
- Yeah. I did.
- Yeah...
- I live here.
What happened?
- Cassie got food poisoning.
Thank God I didn't
eat the chicken.
Anyways, her parents ended up
taking her to Urgent Care.
So they dropped us all off.
Where were you guys?
- Uh, well, your
sister was with...
- Jonah.
Me, I was...well, Jessie and
I were visiting earlier.
Well, we decided...
- Look what I got.
- Mm, doughnuts, yeah.
Juliette?
- JULIETTE:
Hey, it's Juliette.
Leave a message and
I'll call you back.